Markdown linting and Langauge fixes (#123)
eficode-academy/kubernetes-katas: persistent-storage.md

The output of the `kubectl get sc` command provides some useful information about the StorageClass:

> - `PROVISIONER` The underlying storage provider, in this case `AWS EBS` (Elastic Block Storage)
> - `RECLAIMPOLICY` What will happen with the volume when the `PersistentVolume` resource is deleted,
>   in this case `Delete` will delete the block storage.
> - `VOLUMEBINDINGMODE` specifies how to provision the actual volume, `WaitForFirstConsumer` will
>   provision the actual volume object once there is a matching claim.
> - `ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION` defines whether a volume can be expanded in size at a later point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PROVISIONER`: The underlying storage provider, in this case `AWS EBS` (Elastic Block Storage)
- `RECLAIMPOLICY`: What will happen with the volume when the `PersistentVolume` resource is deleted,
  in this case `Delete` will delete the block storage.
- `VOLUMEBINDINGMODE`: How actual volume is provisioned. `WaitForFirstConsumer` will
  provision the actual volume object once there is a matching claim.
- `ALLOWVOLUMEEXPANSION`: Whether a volume can be expanded in size at a later point in time.
```

No resources found
```

> > :bulb: `PersistentVolumes` objects are `cluster-wide`, ie, "not-namespaced", so you might see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :bulb: `PersistentVolumes` objects are `cluster-wide`, i.e. "not-namespaced", so you might see
```

- `spec.template.spec.volumes[0].name` is the name we will reference when we mount the volume to a
  container in a moment. Set it to `postgres-pvc`.
- `spec.template.spec.volumes[0].persistentVolumeClaim.claimName` is the `name` of the
  `PersistentVolumeClaim` we have created above, set it to the name you used, e.g., `postgres-pvc`.

> > :bulb: In this case, the volume name and reference to the `pvc` name are the same; this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :bulb: In this case, the volume name and reference to the `pvc` name are the same. This is
```

Fill in the values:

- `name` should be the name we specified above when we declared the available volumes.
  In this case, this should be `postgres-pvc`
- `mountPath` is the path in the container to mount the volume to. For postgres, the database state is
  stored to the path `/var/lib/postgresql/data`
- `subPath` should be `postgres`, and specifies a directory to be created within the volume. We need

>   this because of a quirk with combining `AWS EBS` with Postgres. (If you are curious, why:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this because of a quirk with combining `AWS EBS` with Postgres. (If you are curious why, see
```
